[Wednesday, July 17th: 16:00 UTC](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?iso=20240717T1600) (09:00 California, 12:00 Boston, 17:00 London, 18:00 Berlin)

### Draft Agenda

*   Mini-topics:
    * [@marcoscaceres](https://github.com/marcoscaceres) [suggested](https://github.com/w3c/webappsec/issues/652#issuecomment-2123674681) that we drop the `webappsec-` prefix from our repositories (e.g. https://github.com/w3c/webappsec-credential-management/issues/229)
    * [@jonathanKingston](https://github.com/jonathanKingston) [asked](https://github.com/w3c/webappsec/issues/652#issuecomment-2168717283) about next steps for MIX given that several vendors are shipping mixed content upgrades.
    * We've talked about publishing NOTE documents encompassing best practice (around [side-channel mitigation](https://www.w3.org/TR/post-spectre-webdev/) and [cookies](https://github.com/w3c/webappsec/issues/653). Should we instead be pushing these towards the new [SWAG CG](https://www.w3.org/community/swag/)?
*   TPAC: We have two slots: September 23rd and 26th, both days from 9:00-12:30 Pacific. It would be ideal to start sketching an agenda. 

If you would like to add an item to the agenda, please open a PR against [this document](https://github.com/w3c/webappsec/new/main/meetings/2024/2024-05-15-agenda.md)

### Logistics

*   **Minutes**: https://cryptpad.w3ctag.org/code/#/2/code/edit/Pq1xOhFZ9oxeI5vrXwx--B3a/
*   [Add these events](https://www.w3.org/groups/wg/webappsec/calendar#export) to your calendar
*   **Zoom**:
    * Details at <https://auth.w3.org/?url=https://www.w3.org/groups/wg/webappsec/calendar>
