TPAC 2024 _Draft_ Agenda
========================

_WIP, still some flexibility based on feedback and availability._

[23.09.2024, 9:00 - 12:30](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/dccfa810-ac8b-4894-9e94-a27eeaa5b84e/): [2 Ballroom Level - California B](https://www.w3.org/2024/09/TPAC/schedule.html#map)
---------------------------------------------------------

* **9:00 - 9:15**: ‚òï and agenda bashing.
* **9:15 - 9:45**: Crypto
  * (~15m) Web Crypto (@twiss)
    * Algorithms (modernizing, post-modernizing)
    * Curve 25591
    * Streaming
    * Feature Detection
  * (~15m) [Remote cryptokeys](https://github.com/WebKit/explainers/tree/main/remote-cryptokeys) (@marcoscaceres, @estark37)
* **9:45 - 10:30**: Application Integrity/Transparency (@ddworken)
  * (~25m) Extensions to SRI
    * Additional content types
    * Additional assertion types ([signatures](https://github.com/mikewest/signature-based-sri), etc))
    * `require-sri-for` (@yoavweiss)
  * (~20m) Signing / Packaging
* **10:30 - 11:00**: ‚òï & üç∞ @ [Lanai Deck, Fifth Floor](https://www.w3.org/2024/09/TPAC/schedule.html#map)
* **11:00 - 12:00**: CSP
    * (~15m) Should the threat model include exfiltration? (@yoavweiss)
    * (~20m) How can we improve adoption? (@simoneonofri, @johnwilander)
        * Docs & recommendations?  
        * [CSP Next](https://github.com/WICG/csp-next)?
    * (~15m) Could we [require injection mitigation](https://mikewest.github.io/injection-mitigated/) for interesting APIs? (@mikewest)
    * (~10m) What's left before putting CSP into "living CR" mode?
* **12:00 - 12:10**: https://github.com/w3c/webappsec-permissions-policy/issues/273 (@sanketj)
* **12:10 - 12:30**: **Breakout pitch session**. There are a number of breakout sessions ([grid](https://www.w3.org/2024/09/TPAC/breakouts.html#grid), [details](https://www.w3.org/2024/09/TPAC/breakouts.html#intro)) on 25.09.2024 that are relevant to this community. Let's talk about them a bit so folks can plan accordingly.

[26.09.2024, 9:00 - 12:30](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/5b918f03-a2a6-4b13-9391-252f61bcc09c/): [4 Concourse Level - Laguna](https://www.w3.org/2024/09/TPAC/schedule.html#map)
----------------------------------------------------

* **9:00 - 9:15**: ‚òï and agenda bashing.
* **9:30 - 10:30**: Following up on breakout sessions, and/or topics we didn't get to on Monday
  * [Deprecations](https://github.com/w3c/tpac2024-breakouts/issues/20), [PEPC](https://github.com/WICG/PEPC/blob/main/explainer.md), [DBSC](https://github.com/WICG/dbsc/) all seem like they might benefit from more conversation.
  * We can allocate time in this slot more clearly in the hallways on Wednesday.
* **10:30 - 11:00**: ‚òï & üç∞ @ [Lanai Deck, Fifth Floor](https://www.w3.org/2024/09/TPAC/schedule.html#map)
* **11:00 - 11:45**: Isolation
  * (~30m) Cross-Origin Isolation
      * [Document Isolation Policy](https://wicg.github.io/document-isolation-policy/) (@camillelamy)
  * (~15m) [Realms Initialization Control](https://github.com/WICG/Realms-Initialization-Control) (@weizman)
* **11:45 - 12:20**: Cookies
  * (~10m) `sandbox="allow-same-site-none-cookies"` (@aamuley)
  * (~10m) [Cookie Layering](https://github.com/httpwg/http-extensions/issues/2084) / [RFC6265ter](https://johannhof.github.io/draft-annevk-johannhof-httpbis-cookies/draft-annevk-johannhof-httpbis-cookies.html) (@johannhof, @annevk)
  * (~10m) [CHIPS](https://github.com/privacycg/CHIPS) (@johnwilander, @dcthetall)
* **12:20 - 12:30**: Next steps, followup.
