# WebAppSec WG - 2025-06-18

[Minutes from the last meeting (2025-04-16)](https://github.com/w3c/webappsec/blob/main/meetings/2025/2025-04-16-minutes.md)

## Logistics
*   **`#webappsec`** on [W3C's slack instance](https://w3ccommunity.slack.com/)
    * <https://www.w3.org/slack-w3ccommunity-invite> if you haven't already joined.
*   **Zoom**:
    * Details at <https://auth.w3.org/?url=https://www.w3.org/groups/wg/webappsec/calendar>

## Attendees

* Mike West (Google)
* Emily Stark (Google)
* Simon Wijckmans (c/side)
* Cody Miller (c/side)
* Joe DeBlasio (Google)
* Tom Schuster (Mozilla)
* Dan Veditz (Mozilla)
* Anna Weine (Mozilla)
* Daniel Huigens
* Dan Rubery (Google)
* Simon Friedberger (Mozilla)
* Chris de Almeida (IBM)
* Nick Steele (1Password)
* Simone Onofri (W3C)
* Artur Janc (Google)
*   (You!)

## Agenda

* DBSC updates (e.g. [cross-site key sharing](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webappsec/2025May/0007.html)), and the path to FPWD? (@drubery)
* https://github.com/w3c/webappsec-csp/issues/683#issuecomment-2898891845 (@jan-ivar)
* Path to CR for a few docs (@simoneonofri):
  *  [SRI2](https://github.com/w3c/webappsec/issues/671)
  *  [WebCrypto2](https://github.com/w3c/webappsec/issues/672)
  *  [`.well-known` Passkey Endpoints](https://w3c.github.io/webappsec-passkey-endpoints/)
  *  [Fetch Metadata](https://w3c.github.io/webappsec-fetch-metadata/)
  *  [CSP3](https://w3c.github.io/webappsec-csp/)
  *  ...
* Meet at TPAC 2025 in Kobe, we need to [reserve the time](https://github.com/w3c/tpac2025-meetings/issues) and if we have conflicts. Joint meeting with people involved in Credentials API? 

## Minutes

### DBSC updates

Dan Rubery: DBSC: We're aiming to protect users from cookie theft. Google ran into trouble using DBSC because we have one auth infrastructure across several sites. Right now, using link decoration to link sessions across sites (e.g. `google.com` and `youtube.com`). Would be ideal to protect sessions across these sites. Introduced a mechanism that allows the same key to be used to protect sessions on both sites: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webappsec/2025May/0007.html.

...: Assumes an out-of-band mechanism to transmit the high-entropy public key from one place to the other. Also requires sites to 

Nick Steele: Why approach it this way? Technical constraints within Google?

Dan Rubery: Identity providers don't require typing in password again when relying party asks to sign the user in. Local malware could fake this interaction if everything was contained on a site-by-site basis. Sharing a key is easier than building cross-origin communication channels or proof of key possession from one origin to another.

Mike West: *pointing to the email*

Dan Rubery: Right. There's a proposed spec change as well.

Mike West: Shifting to First Public Working Draft? TAG feedback?

Dan Rubery: One piece of feedback was proposing a fundamental shift. Still would push for FPWD.

Mike West: *questions about the TAG feedback*

Dan Rubery: Two pieces of feedback: whether the browser or site is responsible for triggering TPM optimizations (which is a fundamental change), and a shift to HTTP Message Signature.

Mike West: What's the next step to FPWD?

Simone: I can help with that, from the process perspective and autopublication. Also folks from IETF asking for feedback, Martin Thomson.

Dan Veditz: Process of publishing: for certain transitions it requires a vote. Is it enough for the folks here today to agree, or do we need a formal question?

Mike West: We adopted it as a group, that seems like the same question.

Simone Onofri: CfC in our group is necessary. I can kick that off.


### `'unsafe-webtransport-hashes'` in CSP (https://github.com/w3c/webappsec-csp/issues/683)

Dan Veditz: Current Web Transport spec allows connection to a machine by hash instead of requiring a valid TLS cert. Want to talk to private machines, etc. However, they don't want to violate people's sense of protection from CSP, so they aim to continue allowing this for sites without CSP `connect-src` or `default-src`, but if sites do have such a policy, they'd both enforce those directives and prevent connections to "invalid" certs. In order to deal with that latter restriction, they've suggested `'unsafe-webtransport-hashes'` (`unsafe` suggested by Apple, `webtransport` by Mozilla).

Mike West: Allowlisting the hashes as well via source list?

Dan Veditz: No. Limited through DNS name, not hash.

Emily Stark: I haven't looked at the proposal, so no comment on spelling. Seems fine, but a baroque threat model. The attack is: attacker gets XSS, using WebTransport to exfiltrate data, and has a privileged network position through which they can intercept data. Seems like a powerful attacker. So, seems fine, but niche.

Dan Veditz: Web Transport works that way without CSP. They're concerned that sites may have a `connect-src` because of `fetch()` or websockets, not thinking about Web Transport. Doing this out of caution to not upset folks who are relying on current restrictions.

Emily Stark: Does `connect-src` not cover Web Transport right now?

Dan Veditz: That is the directive which covers it. In practice it's covered, not sure about the spec.

Mike West: Seems fine. Small impact, small market, but also small implementation cost.

Dan Veditz: Specifying hashes might be a bigger ask, but they're not asking for that not.

Mike West: Communicate that back to the thread, put up a PR against CSP and/or Web Transport?


### Administrivia (REC track and TPAC)

#### TPAC 2025

Simone: We can send a request to have a slot at TPAC. Tim Capaldi from Okta suggested that we have a meeting around credentials for all the relevant Working Groups. Digital Credentials API, Credential Management API, WebAuthN, etc. FedID, WebAuthN, WebAppSec joint meeting at TPAC?

Mike West: Makes sense to me.

Simone: Ok, we have today/tomorrow to make a request for rooms/times at TPAC.

Mike West: Two 4-hour block wasn't enough last year. Perhaps 3 4-hour blocks across the week?

Dan Veditz: Sounds right. A mix of at least one morning and one afternoon would be ideal for accommodating remote folks in EU and NA.

[discussion of potential conflicts: noting FedID, WebAuthn, PrivacyCG/PrivacyWG, DOM/Fetch/WHATWG, WebPerf]

### CSP

Simon Wijckmans: CSP3: What's the right way to raise feedback with regard to user experience? I'd like to talk through the implementation struggles. (relates to https://github.com/w3c/webappsec-csp/issues/736 )

Mike West:  Let's talk about it at the next meeting: https://github.com/w3c/webappsec/issues/675.

### Path to CR

Mike West: I would like to put our stable but unfinished docs on the CR track and let people object to them then rather than continue waiting for feedback as they are.
(specs include SRI, well-known passkey, MIX2, fetch metadata, ...)

simone: To do this, we just need an updated working draft, and then to shift things to Wide Review. Ask for feedback, demonstrate that we've received and acted upon them. Make sure the spec has the relevant metadata (deltas between versions, etc). That should enable us to move to CR, given the implementations.
(example issue: https://github.com/w3c/webauthn/issues/2225 )

Mike West: Ok. I'll try this out for SRI2 and WebCrypto2. I'll ping Tim Capaldi for the passkey doc, and we'll report back in the next meeting.

### Agenda setting for next time
Add your suggestions to https://github.com/w3c/webappsec/issues/675 
